they'll be showing you guys how to be
able to hack your ipod touch it's
something called jailbreaking it's
nothing illegal I'm just putting on one
small application and so if you go to
the disease iphone org i'll have the
link on my dick description um so but
you're going to want to do once you get
this website is just click on this
download and click here to download
zphone main just click on it and this
tutorial is going to be it for the pc
not from the mac but i think they're
pretty much similar so i'll be clicking
on the windows one can click on the mac
one if you want if you have mac so you
click on it and it'll say it wants to
download save it somewhere to like your
desktop see one save if you have an
explorer just make sure it goes to your
desktop okay i already have it
downloaded so now you're going to want
to go to once you have it downloaded
you'll see this Z phone it'll just a dot
Z phone when dash 3.0 exe if you have
difficulty windows version double click
on it and it will give you like this rib
message just ignore it just say okay now
make sure it somewhere in here it says
desktop desktop right in there and so
then you want to click unzip and then
you'll see a new folder being created
right there or just somewhere on your
desktop and then it should shortly after
just have a pop-up if it doesn't like I
don't think it's doing it for me right
now but you're going to want to make
sure first that your ipod touch our
iphones disconnected before you do this
see it's just plugged in it doesn't have
to have itunes up just have to make sure
it's connected so now you see you look
at this menu here with big z you're
going to want to get four buttons here
if you have a iphone click the button do
it all but since we only have a ipod
touch just click on the jailbreak button
and then I'll start doing it oh yeah
I'll just start going so you'll see your
iPods now starting up to do stuff so
yeah let's just give that a minute then
itunes should pop up but you can just
click out of it once it appears it's not
now your ipod touch and be doing some of
your things will have a dig zu for the
iphone appear on it and then it should
go through this twice so don't worry
after its after it stops and then tries
to restart itself he'll do it again and
then so yeah just let it run through the
thing twice if it goes more than twice
and that mean it's something wrong
happened and you'll just have to do it
over it's not that difficult see this is
what the screen should appear as if it
worked the Big Z zorro I guess and it
shows it's doing something stalling
based apps and then let's start up again
and so just give it a little bit how
it's starting out Apple
it's you'll see it's still doing stuff
on your computer's name output log and
um so yeah see and then your ipod looked
exactly the same as it did before you
started this operation just one little
thing that's different see you have
zebras log I guess and if you go over
here you'll see Vince you'll see the
installer application on this page that
means it you successfully hacked your
ipod touch ok thank you for watching and
please visit hacking fever